Skip to content
Asset Management
Select a role 
Select a role
Advisor
Retirement professional
Personal investor
Main navigation
About
Products
Insights & News
Resources & Tools
Contact Us
Schwab Equity ETFs Distribution Schedule 2026
Last updated: July 28, 2026
Subscribe
0726-K44P

Investment and Insurance Products Are: Not FDIC Insured • Not Insured by Any Federal Government Agency • Not a Deposit or Other Obligation of, or Guaranteed by, the Bank or Any of Its Affiliates • Subject to Investment Risks, Including Possible Loss of Principal Amount Invested

Schwab Asset Management® is the dba name for Charles Schwab Investment Management, Inc., the investment adviser for Schwab Funds, Schwab ETFs, and separately managed account strategies. Schwab Funds are distributed by Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. (Schwab), Member SIPC. Schwab ETFs are distributed by SEI Investments Distribution Co. (SIDCO). Schwab Asset Management and Schwab are separate but affiliated companies and subsidiaries of The Charles Schwab Corporation, and are not affiliated with SIDCO.

Important Notice:
The investment products and services described on this website are intended exclusively for persons residing in the United States. This website does not constitute an offer or solicitation to any person in any jurisdiction where such offer or solicitation would be unlawful. Access to this website from outside the United States is neither endorsed nor encouraged. Individuals who choose to access this website from other jurisdictions do so at their own initiative and are solely responsible for compliance with all applicable local laws and regulations. Schwab Asset Management does not accept liability for any access or use of this website that is contrary to local law or regulation.

(0526-P6F6)

© 2026 Charles Schwab Investment Management, Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized access is prohibited. Usage will be monitored.

Footer Information Links
Contact Us  Careers  Site Map  CSIM Privacy  Site Usability
We use cookies to make our websites work as our users expect, including to provide services and functionality. We also use cookies to capture information about your device and browser to better understand our users and their interactions with our website. The information may be shared with certain providers for marketing purposes including those that influence the kinds of Schwab ads you may see on other websites. If your browser communicates an opt-out preference signal when you navigate to our site, we will honor that signal.

To update your cookie preferences, please click the "Customize Cookie Settings" button to the right.
Accept Cookies
Manage Cookies